Promote to next highest number type to prevent sum step overflow (#3117)
apache/tinkerpop: docs/src/upgrade/release-3.8.x.asciidoc

=== Upgrading for Users

==== Auto promotion of number types

> Any math operations such as Add, Sub, Mul & Div will auto matically promote to next number type if an overflow is detected. For integers the promotion sequence is byte->short->integer->long->overflow. For floating point the sequence is float->double->ininity.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Any math operations such as Add, Sub, Mul & Div will automatically promote to next number type if an overflow is detected. For integers the promotion sequence is byte->short->integer->long->overflow. For floating point the sequence is float->double->infinity.
```

See: link:https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/TINKERPOP-3136[TINKERPOP-3136]

==== Auto promotion of number types

> Any math operations such as Add, Sub, Mul & Div will auto matically promote to next number type if an overflow is detected. For integers the promotion sequence is byte->short->integer->long->overflow. For floating point the sequence is float->double->ininity.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
Any math operations such as Add, Sub, Mul & Div will automatically promote to next number type if an overflow is detected. For integers the promotion sequence is byte->short->integer->long->overflow. For floating point the sequence is float->double->infinity.
```
